Use pip's git+url syntax for installs (#1319)
tweepy/tweepy: README.md

    pip install tweepy

> You may also install tweepy from the Git repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also install Tweepy from the GitHub repository:
```

You may also use Git to clone the repository from
GitHub and install it manually:

>     pip install git+https://github.com/tweepy/tweepy.git

Reviewer: That doesn't match the description anymore.
```suggestion
    git clone https://github.com/tweepy/tweepy.git
    cd tweepy
    pip install .
```

Author: This would literally negate the only change.

Reviewer: The relevant part of the change is using pip to install the library rather than easy_install, which this still does.

Author: I thought that doing `pip install git+...` would use pip for it

Reviewer: Yes, obviously, but again, that doesn't match the description for what this is supposed to do.

Author: I changed the content of the message.

Reviewer: There's no reason to replace the instructions for cloning the repository.
You can simply add additional instructions for installing from GitHub without cloning the repository.
